# Homework 2 AI Synthesis Activity

Only complete one of the assignments below! You can delete the other assignment in this document once you've made your choice.

## Activity: You used AI

### Part 1

> Cite the usage by including screenshots, a text transcript, or a link to the conversation with your AI of choice. Make sure to include any context, instructions, and all the conversations you had with the AI.

+ https://chatgpt.com/share/690d81b3-9eb8-800b-9ea7-d7cedb494bf8
+ Note: There was another chat that I had open, but had not logged into my account. Progress was lost when my computer restarted, but involved a lot of enhancing code comments and documentation, especially the README.

### Part 2

> Write about why you used AI. Was there a gap in knowledge you wanted to fill? Were the answers through traditional search engines not adequate? Did you want to let AI help you format something in a quick manner?

+ I tend to use AI as a heuristic to what should be important. Search engines would have me looking through very many websites which could take a lot of time. I would rather have AI look through the websites and filter for me the ones that it thinks are important. In this case, there were some quick facts that I wanted to get but I didn't want to spend too much time reading books or articles due to time constraints.
+ For this specific assignment, starting from scratch was a bit challenging as a beginner in JS/TS. AI was useful in giving me a guide to follow, and everything now makes sense when I compare the project with previous homework structures.


### Part 3

> Evaluate the AI's response. If you asked multiple questions, you can pick one of the responses the AI generated. Does the AI answer your question properly? Does it hallucinate any details? Could there be room to improve this response through manual editing? Did you accept this response fully or adapt parts of it into your work?

+ It can hallucinate and that is my biggest fear when it comes to using AI. There is always room to improve the quality of the response, and it gives more assurance since you know that what you verified is more likely to be correct. I never take AI's word as the truth, and so I try to understand or verify everything that it says.

### Part 4

> If you used unfamiliar syntax or concepts generated by AI within your assignment, be sure to research them and explain what those concepts are to demonstrate your understanding.